1. Choose one good point in either problem, solution, or evaluation and describe why you find it good. (Is the problem important? Is the solution interesting? Is the evaluation convincing?)

One good point is that their report is pretty worthy-to-read because there are lots of tool used in this paper and they also use non-null annotations to detect potential null pointer exceptions. Besides, the authors also introduce the special case such that the class EnglishGreeting extends Greeting, which constraining a method return or parameter type to be non-null for an overriding method. This requires adding annotations to the overridden method declarations as well. I believe this is a new information for me and it is needed to be cared about when using such technique in the future.

2. Choose one bad point in either problem, solution, or evaluation and describe why you find it bad. (Is the problem unimportant? Is the solution trivial? Is the evaluation weak?)

I believe this report would be a little bit out-of-date, e.g., JDK 8 removes a legacy annotation processing tool, named apt. I am not sure which part is not useful now but it is still a pretty nice report.

3. List one question for discussion. 

Could runtime assertion checking (RAC) actually check that the properties hold when provided any test input, which is assumed to previously exist?

4. [Optional] Describe how reading the paper benefits your course project. (Can the same problem have a different solution? Can the same solution be applied to a different problem? Would a bigger evaluation be appropriate? ...)

This paper is not quite related to my project but it introduces me a lot. Before reading this paper, I haven’t found there are such non-null annotations can be used in JAVA program.

[Notes]
The authors propose a non-null-by-default semantics. This reduces the burden of annotating for developers. Since this paper was publish in 2006 and referred to JAVA 5, I search the latest JAVA version then find that JAVA 8 introduces two important changes to annotations designed to help developers produce better code and improve the accuracy of automated code analysis to verify that quality.

Reference:
https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/entry/java_8_s_new_type
