1. What is the motivation:
*what is the problem that the paper addresses/tries to solve?
Static analysis warnings reported by static analysis tool have
false positive warnings and legitimate warnings may not be acted on

*why is the problem important?
waste time/resources to manually classify the warnings.

*why are the previous solutions not adequate?
Too expensive to build the predictive models (from all factors).
Prediction is not very precise.

2. The proposed solution to the identified problem.
logistic regression models that predict whether a warning is false positive
and whether it will be handled by the developers. 
Use a screening methodology to quickly
discard factors with low predictive power and cost-effectively build
predictive models.

starting from many factors and small warnings set
and use screening algorithm to get rid of 
the ones that do not have good predictive power and then use the predictive
model on large data set(manually check the results) to evalutate
the model's precision (compare the true answer and the answer provided by the 
predictive model).

3. Major contributions of the paper.
 - a methodology for screening factors

 - a set of measurable factors for static analysis warnings and
   programs and the results of screening these factors in this context
 
 - logistic regression models for predicting both false positives
	and actionable warnings

4. Research question answered by the paper:
E.G.
*Make the claim of proposed solution to question form.
*How better is it compared to existing solutions?
using screening factors methods:
much lower cost in building model, and nearly the same (
or even higher precision) when compared to the approach of 
building models from all factors.

higher cost in building models and higher precision when
compared to the approach of model building with known fixed factors.

*Which part of the solution plays most important role in outperforming 
other solutions?

5. The metrics used to evaluate the proposed solution, and
   therefore answer the research questions.

   - cost of building predictive model
   - accuracy of prediction